how old is your hearing so this is 8,000
htz if you can hear sound at this
frequency then your hearing counts as
functional and I wish mine wasn't as we
raise the frequency to
12,000 you have to either be
specifically below the age of 50 or just
have very good hearing to be able to
hear it at 15,000
HZ you need to be below 40 years old
really glad my hearing still works the
reason this happens by the way is
fundamentally loud noises damage your
ears so this is 16,000 HZ yes
I can still hear it which indicates that
my hearing age is below 30 years old
this next one is going to be 17,000 Herz
and if you can hear this your hearing
age is below 25 which means I would be
defying my physical
age I think I can hear something and if
you can hear 19,000
Hertz yeah it ain't happening for me you
have the hearing of someone under 20
years old